### 21:55
I feel there's this problem of deciding what levels of processes are individual objects. each object in this existence is actually a process, a process is generally a change of state, but specifically in [[life sciences]] it's a change of state from one level to another in the [[hierarchy]] of [[life]], [[entropy]], or whatever. but which subset of this hierarchy is an object? generally from everyday life it's obvious that an object is a particular subset of levels of a hierarchy, but the other way around is hard(?). perhaps [[natural selection]] has a way to select the subset but we need to understand that to incorporate into artificial engineering. e.g. if a cell can build certain molecules for itself, why does it ask for some input molecules? why can't it make everything inside it? it feels like an object that creates everything that's needed within itself than that by definition is a physical [[universe]]. an object that creates nothing within itself is not a living thing, or not a process, or is the [[fundamental particle]] of physical universe. everything in-between is a process that has both an input and an output, so by this simply logic everything inside the universe requires a boundary to be "alive"! [[living vs non-living]] is a problem and i hope [[category theory]] can help us here? perhaps we need to understand [[Entropy]], [[Information]], and [[memory]] of all the levels from super meta to super concrete to really appreciate or debunk the [[process philosophy]] or [[functionalism]]. I am not sure how relevant are [[modularity]], [[compositionality]], and [[composability]] for this kind of problems, but i feel there's an answer somewhere around these notions, perhaps something new but similar and related to [[fractal]]? okay, this is getting super speculating, I'll stop here.

