### 14:16
I found the 1990 version of [[The World Book Encyclopaedia]] from my residential library, ISBN: 0-7166-0090-0. 

It has 22 volume, the last one being an index to first 21 volumes. 

I don't plan to take notes while reading it, but i might write things I have in mind while or after reading it.

I'm planning to skim through all the volumes before the end of July 2024. About 8-9 months left, about 32-34 weeks, or about 10-11 days per volume. That's definitely intense but I'll have to do it because I can. I didn't get these kind of opportunities as a kid, now's the time. 

I also want to read history series that I found in the library but I'll log/plan about it later today.

Oh btw I've been reading [[Atlas Shrugged by Any Rand]] since last few days. It's way better than the film, but perhaps because I like reading about the details of the emotions that I saw in the films.

### 14:34
Okay I'm here at the library, trying to make a list of these physical books that I find interneting, and later condense it into the list of things I would love to read in a physical copy and is expensive to buy and that it'd be hard/impossible to get a grant for as a master's or PhD student of mathematics.

- [[Atlas Shrugged by Any Rand]]
- [[The World Book Encyclopaedia]]
- [[Complete works of Swami Vivekananda]]
- [[History of the world the time-life series]] 25-{5, 15, 21-25}
- young scientist series childcraft x(8?)-{4} 
- illustrated encyclopaedia of science and nature time-life 7
- illustrated Oxford dictionary and other dictionaries
- etc... 

yes other stuff too but these are the most important i think, perhaps excluding the vivekanand thing which I've skimmed through online and compared it with the physical set in the library (which btw was bought from ramakrishna math it said on the back of the cover) and they're the same. Unfortunately there aren't any science books there, except few in which [[Surely you're joking mr Feynman]] is included. 

I'm definitely finishing Atlas shrugged and the World Book Encyclopaedia, a planned. Young scientist is a very small series with only about 60 pages each, so that's not a big deal. I can finish it in a week or perhaps even less. It's fine if don't go through dictionaries because I have a different plan for that, the [[Anki]] plan which I did began a few months back and it has stalled for quite some time, I'll begin it as soon as I enter into masters program. And I must read the history of the world, I've been meaning to read such a thing since I was a teen but never got the opportunity and internet was not my fortune back then.

To read before July 2024 from the residential library:

1. [[The World Book Encyclopaedia]] (11 days/volume)
2. [[History of the world the time-life series]] (9 days/volume)
3. [[Atlas Shrugged by Any Rand]] (a month)
4. Young scientist (constant week)
5. Science and nature (constant week)
6. [[Surely you're joking mr Feynman]] 
7. Etc...

Plus my ebook library and my entrance preparation stuff, ofc!

I think I can get as many books as I want but I'll take only 2 at a time. Right now I've Atlas shrugged and volume 1 of the world encyclopaedia. Yeah it might mess up the speed of other books especially the history series but i think I can manage. 

I didn't, unfortunately, find the English versions of either greek or Indian epics, though there were some Hindi versions, I don't think I can read them, I'll either read them in Sanskrit after 10 years or in English now. Let's see what happens. Also, i might ask my sister to look for the books in women's library, i might find some interesting ones, and if I do I'll add here.

End@16:11

### 22:51
[https://www.refseek.com](https://www.refseek.com) looks like a good "reference of references" haha.
