### 02:27
I wish we could formalize, or at least have some intuitive understanding of the space of all the possible mindsets, or at least that of the subset of all existing/ed mindsets. just got this idea while thinking about Hollywood!

### 16:16
I've noticed that the same pigeon comes to my window everyday. which makes me think about the perception and reality. but whatever!

### 17:38
Lift and Stairs are kinda dual, the former lives largely in temporal world, and the latter in spatial world. lift takes time because of the queuing structure on its logistical form, and stairs take space because of the gravitational structure on the same.

### 18:27
We can build a simulation of a system at the sociological level by defining each objects through morphisms. we need a database of all the finite categories. we can first randomly form morphisms from the repository of all possible morphisms, and then find out a ratio of these collections being an actual category and the total number of categories for the given number of objects and morphisms. this could, i feel, help us understand how likely it is to form an ecosystem from materialistic noise. I suppose all the categories correspond to some sort of society. we could impose some conditions to best simulate the kind/level of sophistication is required to call an organism a society. idk, i feel like endomorphisms of such a category (both the individual one and the category of these categories?) might help solve some philosophical questions? perhaps consciousness is one of them? political theory is one of them? morals, economics, financial dynamics and whatnot! it's all a childish speculation though. I'd definitely like to learn more and more as to have something concrete to say and perhaps to lead further thoughts in a right direction. but first i need to learn [[category theory]].

### 21:05
Every now and then I read some quotes by [[Alexander Grothendieck]], from his biography [[Récoltes et Semailles]], I'll read the biography late but for now I'll save those paras i like. here's one: [[Alexander Grothendieck#on being alone and learning]].