### 21:04
it's July 1st, and I've been off the track of [[Escher and Amann Analysis]] thing. so, I plan to continue it in next few hours. I played bunch of games this last week, and I do plan to stop doing so, or at least reduce it to like 20 mins a day. okay, here we begin the journey, and perhaps, as always, to stop and continue again! haha.

oh, yes. I chatted with Mei Yu yesterday. it was full of nostalgia of 2017. July 2017 is when we met on FB. I asked her to let Sinker know that I've emailed him. Sinker is the first person who sent me a postcard, and that too from a different country! i received it in 2021 though he sent in 2020, haha. perhaps because of COVID thing.

### 22:19
[[Ravi Vakil]] just [published](https://math216.wordpress.com/2023/07/01/june-2023-version-potentially-finalized-content/) a post about the "potentially done" version of his book [[The Rising Sea Foundations of Algebraic Geometry by Ravi Vakil]]. at the end of the post he mentioned about [[zettelkasten]] for mathematics. and pointed to [gerby-project](https://gerby-project.github.io/) and [[Jon Sterling]]'s [forest](https://gerby-project.github.io/) ([github repo](https://github.com/jonsterling/forest)), which further pointed me to something I've visited before, [Andy's working notes](https://notes.andymatuschak.org/About_these_notes). I [here](https://notes.andymatuschak.org/About_these_notes?stackedNotes=zVFGpprS64TzmKGNzGxq9FiCDnAnCPwRU5T&stackedNotes=z28QkpK3vRKQTacjFDfGYBhCXHqHuVWJzny9&stackedNotes=z3RzQhmjeRxXVAAy81aUSKARwJL8dikdJG4VG) learn that context is very important for the notes, and I think this is exactly what i had in mind when i started these daily notes few days back. I am still not sure how I want to organize information. daily notes, zettelkasten(including reading notes and bookmarks), and weblog is what i have right now. but this tagging system gerby project (which is used by two great projects, The stacks projects, and kerodon) and forest are using is something i like too. I think I'll do something in line of that but also include bunch of other features like flashcards and stuff from quantum country. idk what exactly. so for now, these daily notes are monologues. the root of this vault contains thouhgt dumps, bookmarks, book series, books and their annotations, live notes etc... so I don't REALLY have a zettelkasten, or whatever it might be called that i have in mind, yet. but i believe it's fine because only after experience and some concrete research stuff will i actually have something good to say and big enough for a need to organize it for external reference. until then it's better to have something than nothing. I just can't believe I have failed so many times creating these systems!


