### 12:24
Today I really plan to get back to work. that is reading [[Escher and Amann Analysis]]. perhaps postpone [[Diagonal Argument]] project for a bit. or read it along. the next project will be related to [[category theory]]. all of this is to build a knowledge base of algebra, analysis, and topology for the coming entrances.

### 13:46
[[goodhart's law]] is like my life philosophy ever since I've become self-aware. I didn't [like](https://twitter.com/XinYaanZyoy/status/1609543542749233152) this idea of "becoming" something as a result of a personal goal, that just didn't make sense to me as a kid. nor does it now. but now i have a good theory of why and what and how etc... let's keep it for another day.

oh, i have something in mind i perhaps dreamed last night of reading it on the internet or perhaps i really did read it, but not sure what. find it! it's related to information flow and maps between spaces and all that.

### 18:28
What exactly is this shelter island? so much mystery behind it! there's even a physics conference in 1983 where the giants met for the future of physics after QFT(?). [[Shelter Island II Proceedings of the 1983 Shelter Island Conference on Quantum Field Theory and the Fundamental Problems of Physics]].

so much to catch up to! I think after I finish the things I've taken I'll need to choose a field to reach the frontiers. I feel like [[differential geometry]] is the key for mathematical physics, but then so i [[algebraic geometry]], [[differential topology]], and [[algebraic topology]], and whatnot!? let's just wait.

I am nowhere, really! I've explored stuff but I am no where. ofc that's what exploration is, but i need to be at a node in this graph of exploration to actually build some concrete connections that requires both exploration and living in the same space-time-point for an extended period of time, it's only these that can increase a chance of expanding the radius of curvature of an arc of the boundary of the totality of human thought. whatever!


### 20:45
this is the actual time that I'm continuing the project. let's gooo! I'll actually be skimming through the 3 volumes of [[Escher and Amann Analysis]] first. and then try to go through the selective proofs and exercises in the second reading, and then I hope to do the third reading (perhaps after I finish other projects under the syllabus thing) with a hope to produce a solution manual (on which I should still ponder upon about its importance and the actual existential benefit).



### 21:49
the goal tonight is to go from stoke's theorem to real numbers and build a map of stuff i need to learn when i go from reals to stoke's theorem. I hope to do this either in native obsidian canvas or in excalidraw extension, whichever supports latex and hides itself from the html exporter extension.

