### 00:27
reading about [[photosynthesis]] in [[what is life by Paul Nurse]] made me think that complex structures are abstractions, and ability to abstract only comes on abstractions! a cell with [[chloroplast]] is the most concrete life there is on this planet, as far as i understand, all the other kingdoms are various kinds of abstractions of it. humans, and perhaps countable other animals, are on the top level of this [[hierarchy]] of abstractions, and perhaps that's why they can do [[abstraction]]! (and therefore existence of [[Consciousness]]?) 

this makes me question the "belief-fact" that only [[star]]s can bring life. perhaps if in other universe the [[cosmological evolution]] was such that instead of stars (this might reflect my ignorance of star formation theory) giving the external heat, planets have their internal heat globes such that on the surface the periodic bi-polar temperature field exists. and then [[biological evolution]] learned to produce a cell that could create proteins out of that heat.  ^75fbb1

I mean, is it possible that a globe with such a structure could give rise to life? what are all possible such structures? which ones allow complex/abstract enough organisms to have an ability to do [[abstraction]]? if the answer to last one is the star system, then we have a chance to find [[Extra Terrestrial]]s, but if not, or at least not uniquely, then we have even more chance! perhaps our own biosphere is full of such worlds and we're not aware of, because, well, we both would evolve equally and therefore it makes sense that we both find each other at the same time, modulo the stuff i don't know.

### 00:51
I just discovered this tagging system, look: [[#^75fbb1]]. oh, cool! I can also mention a paragraph from other page, e.g. [[what is life by Paul Nurse#^930b4e]]. but unfortunately, obsidian assigns these tags at a mention, that is not all paras have these tags, and therefore I can't link to a random para as a url parameter. 

### 02:01
Evolution was a boring grinding process, but it was also a beautiful morphology.

### 03:11
I wish to integrate anki, zotero, and perhaps my local library of pdfs into obsidian. especially anki. things are just too complicated!

### 21:41
None asked me but I want to write down that the only thing I remember from my childhood with vivid memories (there are other non-vivid ones), that inspired me and made me a dreamer and thinker i am now, is that of the two visits at the local science city, especially the first one. I could finally see the scientific experiments right in front of my eyes. we watched two IMAX films in one day, Avatars 3D, and Magnificent Desolation: Walking on the Moon. that was it. that's what defined me. I mean I had previously considered going to the moon when i was back in senior kindergarten (or perhaps it was 1st grade i don't remember) when the principal mentioned about kalpana chawla. Walking on the moon is the most strongest memory i have. in the second visit we watched the space station documentary 3D, that reinforced my imaginations. subsequent visits and other book readings and all that made it clear that exploring the space is the key, finding aliens is important, etc... okay, I'll stop here I've got tons to say though.

### 23:23
I just registered for Semicon2023, let's see if they allow me, haha. waiting for the confirmation. I Believe these sort of stuff should be organized in a university, or at least should invite all the students from universities. perhaps it's one of those government stuff where they don't really care what happens there, it's just a formality, idk!