[[Love]] and Hate is not an action of a subject, but instead an element of the subjective experiences of an object. it is a mistake that brings misery in all possible forms. 

Imagine a [[space]] of all statements in a language. and a set of two elements. ofc, the space of all maps between the two are propositions. the point is the space of all the [[subjective experience]]s of an object has a representation in the space of all statements in a [[language]]. now imagine the space of all the actions of a subject, which is the space of all endomorphisms of an object. there exists a functor from the space of all subjective experiences of an object to the space of all actions of a subject. idk what [[structure]] should these maps preserve. but this functor transports the experiences "love" and "hate", or anything similar in that class, to actions in the target [[category]]. the whole point is that the inverse [[functor]] doesn't exists such that the same transportation takes place faithfully. that is, an action itself can't be love or hate, but that it's the [[interpretation]] of the action that assigns a meaning to an action, not only that, this interpretation alone is not sufficient, there must exist an element in the space of all subjective experiences of an object such that it's a fixed point under something. and the point is welll, idk.

every [[proposition]] has a judgment in a given [[formal theory]]. if the subjective experieces of an objects are projected down on the actions of a subject, there's a judgement and this causes the problems.

(I've lost track of my thoughts, it was a beautiful thought, I'll revisit this again if I feel like so.)

okay, so I just discovered [this](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/31093.Lila) book, and one of its reviews mentions this:
	The book closes on this note:  
	“Good is a noun. That was IT. That was what Phaedrus had been looking for. That was the homer, over the fence, that ended the ball game. Good as a noun rather than as an adjective is all the Metaphysics of Quality is about. Of course, the ultimate Quality isn’t a noun or an adjective or any thing else definable, but if you had to reduce the whole metaphysics of Quality to a single sentence, that would be it.”
and I feel like it resonates with what i just wrote above in the morning.