### 14:11
I've fucked up the plan I made for [[Escher and Amann Analysis]], planning to continue it asap. 

also, hey! NANOGrav is announcing tomorrow, can't wait! 

one more thing, I feel like I've been suffering from dumb people's definition of what a smart or even good is. people, especially the relative to whom I don't share my information, constantly think I am either dumb or that I have done nothing, "nothing is visible" they said! I don't get it, I never said anything to them, I didn't even judge them in my own thoughts, ever! yeah i did build models of their identity, but that's not a judgement. how can they fucking UTTER these words on my face? I feel it's their surrounding which is constantly making them feel like that model of my identity is true and they don't realize that, or that there really is an element of hatred and evilness here. I am planning to ghost everyone of these people. this is not life is supposed to be, this is not how an intelligent family would live, this is just suffocating. bla bla and bla, but I have decided to jump a level of my [[selfishness]], which i've postponed for a long time, and it has brought nothing buy misery in my life. no more. I'll be following the [[objectivism]] without giving much thought, at least until i get some time and build my own theories.



### 17:07
oh boy! tons of stuff to learn, in set theory alone! I vividly remember reading a random book's front and back cover pages where the set theoretical symbols were printed. for like a week I was into it. I felt like I learned a new language and what not, also at the same time that some of the symbols were not pleasing enough, and that something's lacking. little did a 12 yo knew that set theory is indeed incomplete not only in the way he thought (which was to formalizing, and therefore uniting, every natural languages) but also in the most strictest formal sense. (I am sure I'm wrong about this last phrase, of which boolean value, I hope, I'll be confident about after at least some more time). I've found this book [[The Foundations of Mathematics by kenneth kunen]] which has the [[diagonal argument]]s at the end, and I'd love to read it to finish the project I've taken ([[A Universal Approach to Self-Referential Paradoxes, Incompleteness and Fixed Points]]).


