### 17:48
If we ever device a tech to change our DNA, and therefore physiology, then I think we're, or at least I am, not creative enough that even though we would have freedom, we would let the natural body be our avatar, perhaps some tweaks but nothing new in general.

would we even be able to do this though? will changing DNA change the underlying consciousness? so perhaps then avatar change is not meaningful at all even if doable! suppose, we upload the consciousness on a semi-conductor or something and then change the DNA of the body, let it evolve, perhaps first by building an embryo with required DNA, and then download the consciousness back in. would it work? this supposes that consciousness is independent of all that happens in biochemistry, and that somehow can be stored on a physical memory. this is all absurd. so i feel like consciousness is a mechanical emergence of network organization of hierarchical atoms, all the way down to cells, atoms, and fundamental quantum fields. 

in this sense, the quantum fields necessarily gives rise to life, given enough vast and incomprehensible spatio-temporal evolution. these quantum fields, which i haven't studied much as yet, then feel like coming from a single eternal field, and that is what brahman is!?h

### 18:43
I just discovered that the book [[what is life by Paul Nurse]] has an associated talk by [[Paul Nurse]] at [[RI Talks]]. I feel stupid that i didn't know that!

### 20:02
Why is there [[carbon]] in everything that's in the world of [[automation]]? from [[cellular respiration]] to [[steam engine]], and even the [[computation]] require "burning", that is low entropy to high entropy state of a substance. computers require electricity, which largely comes from carbon. I think [[silicon]] has changed this to some extent, but we need more change. once we become either directly independent or directly dependent on the carbon, be it organic or not, we might reach to a level of [[Artifical Intelligence]], or the real search for [[Extra Terrestrial]]s for that matter. I am not sure if other [[covalent bond]] favoring atoms could do this, but i am sure we could create some [[nano material]]s that has almost all the essential properties of a living [[Cell]].