### 16:47
I have this thought: no matter how "good" the players are a specific kind of game with "good" players will always result in "bad". what this specific game is is a little hard for me, right now, to put into words. but here's the thought process that made me write this: we're always told that our country, no matter which country, is the best and victim of things other countries did to us, or perhaps for some other reasons. British people ruled the world, which is in itself a sign of immense curiosity, but they destroyed the cultures, and the destroyed cultures always blame them, which is in itself a sign of self-ignorance. at the same time, British looks, and indeed is, cruel to local natives. how can a curiosity be a companion of cruelty? the truth is, it is not. if we assume the both players, here say India and Britain, are "good" then we do see things getting to where it has just by pure deductions with some definitions of "self". and even ofc assuming "bad" for either or both easily implies that. the problem is not that one is good or another is not, because as we see a game full of good players can in fact turn into a disaster. the real thing is knowing if both the players are playing the same game, and that's the hard part. I feel it's this that defines the particular kind of game i am referring to. it's an abstraction on the abstraction of a game. I've seen this happening all my life. from individuals to departments to states and histories as just described. consider this: a game of two players. one player puts up the rules of the game, the other agrees, with a most likelihood of misinterpretation of the rules even after enough communication back and forth. the game begins, and then suddenly the two players are playing different games while thinking they're not. as a consequence one player optimize for the variables that doesn't fit into the very game the other is playing, causing a kind of dissatisfaction which then leads to "communication" because that's what assumed good players would do by definition. but communication will never work, for the two players are not really communicating the information on the same meta levels of abstraction on the gameplay. even if one realizes this discrepancy it can't be communicated because doing so would require a signal to change the level of abstraction, and such a signal is possible only when the two players are either aware of the global geometry, which is usually never the case, or good enough snapshots of the local geometries of the both player's states. but the latter is not the case, for exactly the same reason the whole discrepancy began to exist! 

what's a solution? well, what kind of solution are we looking for? is two player continuing as they ought to with the syntactic definition of game rules be considered a solution? is the agree-to-disagree allowed for that? is the discontinuation of the playing be considered a solution? 

this brings the question whether a human relation is a game in the first place? are all human relations a game? I presume not all games can be turned into a human relation, for obvious reasons. is there a human relationship that's not a game? is this what everyone is looking for, by defining the fantastical world of [[love]]? but isn't love itself a kind of game, perhaps not at the same abstraction level as the most played one, but it nevertheless is one, right? at what level of abstraction of abstraction of standard games does standard definition of game ceases to satisfy, and therefore perhaps give rise to concepts such as love?

having read some cell theory, genetics, genesis of cells and all that, I feel that it's all games from the fundamental quantum fields, excitation thereof, and life-like molecules to individual bio creatures to social ecosystems, the dynamics of star systems, and the cycle of universe itself. games is all there is, and all is a game, just different rules and courts to play with and in. but a human relation is just different, it just doesn't fit in, in this picture i have portrayed. or perhaps it does, and that after all, all the games have a form of relationship of two sentient agents, not necessarily humans. which kills [[free-will]], or does it? games are by definition played by freedom to play, right? 

I'm sure [[game theory]] has something beautiful, and perhaps nash's theorems has something to do with this, idk. 

I should read [[Finite and Infinite Games A Vision of Life as Play and Possibility]] but only after i finish some entrance stuff. 

all aside, I feel I'm suffering through this weird human condition, and I don't seem to be liking it even though people seem to be enjoying and even winning over it as if it's nothing. perhaps, I'm stuck, and I feel this is because I haven't had a "good" teacher in my life. or perhaps I am not a "good" player in this single player [[game of life]].

### 17:41
I think I should write a novella describing my philosophies and how the world is of my dreams. not happening until I sharpen my English and read bunch of other's works. e.g. [[Arula Ratnakar]]'s submergence. and [[Ayn Rand]]'s works to get an idea of how it all works.