### 17:55
Few days back I watched a talk on how category theory can help settle the problem of consciousness, [[Inverted spectrum problem]] in particular. I actually liked the idea that [[category theory]] is being useful in such big problems, but at the same time I had a skeptical eye towards it. [[Matteo Capucci]] seems to have written a response to that talk [here](https://matteocapucci.wordpress.com/2023/07/15/no-the-yoneda-lemma-doesnt-solve-the-problem-of-qualia/). I agree with him. though I still need a bit more education on [[presheaf]] and stuff to understand the last section of his post. 

EDIT@20:31 I just found [this tweet](https://twitter.com/mattecapu/status/1680179329693564928) which has some good responses to matteo's response.

### 19:33
One of the reasons why I'm trying to build this theory of hierarchy of [[selfishness]] is that I feel all the problems of my life originate from the ambiguity of the divisive circle of inside from outside. If I've done anything so far, either failed or succeeded or did something that was beyond any perceived gauges, it's with my inherent assumption(or whatever the appropriate word is here) that "I" must walk along with others and let everyone be there. ofc "I" here is something 'I' don't know what it really entails, though i do have feeling about it because it was "me" who did follow the same philosophy all my life, at least so far. now I'm changing my philosophies, it's been a while since i did so actually. I now believe in absolute free agency in the network of agents of various degrees of consciousness spectrum. yes, I do believe no two worldlines share the same qualia, nor do they "experience" the same qualia. no matter how meta-levels we climb there's this weird circle of division of some sort.

Just before the sun sets, there's this few seconds of extreme red sky and then suddenly whitish blue one, I love it. it represents an orgasm of the beautiful romance of heavens and the earth just after a magnificent kiss of the clouds and light with the horizon as a the crease line of the two harmonious lips. 

I believe romance and rationality are the actual things we live all this time for. rationality is a property of endomorphisms of agents, and romance is the arena in which these agents continue creating new endomorphisms of self-referential thinking agents that then try to romanticize rationality and then end up rationalizing romance and so on....

it's a hell of the day for me, this is why i live, and this is why I wish to live, especially on the moon and mars, and especially travel to proxima centauri. I will not abide by the rules, conventions, and beliefs of the masses, nor will i ever kill myself for those inevitable stupid agents of the network I am part of. 