### 02:07
I was going through my goodreads library and I found this old book which was added to "to-read" shelve back in January 2019. I still vividly remember the feeling I felt in those days not having to this and like books, I was envy of the MIT rocket team which built a rocket and updated regularly on twitter. I had no guidance, so i kept learning theoretically which landed me from lands to lands and finally into mathematics. back then I searched for this book a LOT! I couldn't find it. I felt this immense dissatisfaction with life. I was supposed to be at MIT and therefore by now at NASA or SpaceX or somewhere else. but here I am, trying to catch up with category theory and its applications. not that I don't love what i do now, or that what I am doing is not what I loved back when i was a kid, but that when i was a kid becoming an astronaut and learning the kind of stuff i do now were thought of as being a work of the same person, little did i know that this is a huge error. but i feel, because i didn't find enough engineering guidance I didn't discover the hard problems there, indeed i didn't feel like learning something new and fundamental. which is perhaps why i switched to mathematics and physics. but who knows? I might someday become an astronaut, and perhaps live on the moon or marks, or even that see people making concrete plausible plans to go to Andromeda, or that i might be one of those who designs a tech for that and also goes there. BIG dreams i have, i know, but, I also know statistical chances is all this life is about, and if i feel like i have consciousness i have a power to increase these chances in my favor.

### 04:12
just created list of [[reading#Currently reading]] books. I feel like i needed it because I kept losing track of what i was reading the next morning! I need to finish the work i take up, and write reviews or whatever. and i hope this helps in that. I plan to read a lot of books this year. 2 books (excluding the academic ones, ofc!) a fortnight. 52-27=25 weeks left, so about 12 books. which is actually what my [goodreads-2023-challenge](https://www.goodreads.com/challenges/11633-2023-reading-challenge) is. by july 15th I must finish two books. and yes, the point here is not much about reading deeply, it's about reading more stuff, which is why I am excluding the academic books. I have a definition of what i mean by "academic books" but let's not spend time on that. let me spend few more mins for choosing the other book.

### 04:43
Okay, I've chosen [[The Selfish Gene by Richard Dawkins]]. I've been meaning to read this for a long time now. plus, recently I've been thinking about the circles of self we identify ourselves to be part of, as a way to build a [[hierarchy]] of [[selfishness]].

### 17:17
I wanted to go into space industries, I just can't believe I'm not there, and not only that, I'm nowhere! this is so sad. though, I'm learning so many stuff everyday, I love learning these things, and I wish had been guided as a kid. I just hope I can continue doing this self-learning curious exploration thing i've been doing. because at the rate my life is going on, I don't see myself being "not-affected by the people" at all, which I, as a kid, used to be. I do not know how to escape this, perhaps losing contact with everything and everyone, at least for a few years, would solve this. Idk, I just don't feel satisfied with the way society works, this situation i am in, and especially the responses of the society towards me, is not something that any societal system "ought" to possess, not at least artificially, which it is in our case. but then i also feel the normal space industry job is not intellectually challenging enough! no, not eve a position of an engineer at NASA. but yeah how the fuck would i know without being one? it's so easy to blame the society for my situation, and so is it to the family, and perhaps even myself. but it's hard to find the exact thing that has happened, is happening, and will plausibly happen. okay, let's get going. let's just keep learning. this btw is how i have survived thus far. which is what this worry is about, once i loos hope for learning like a kid, I'll be lost in life itself. I'll cease to exist. only thing i can do then is to try my best not just to preserve this curiosity i have, but to accelerate it even more.

### 17:49
here's a funny thing. I was surfing for [[polynomial functor]] stuff and then perhaps got distracted to some youtube videos on entropy and space exploration and all that. then after some time I searched for [[Jules Hedges]] on goodreads in a hope to find his book on [[Artifical Intelligence]] which i had seen before. unfortunately i didn't find it there but then i searched in my local library and viola! here it is: [[The Road to General Intelligence by jules et al]]. I then started read the preface and foreword, in which i find the words "polynomical functors", how strange!! my brain had a connection for sure, I am sure I've read this preface and foreword before and becuse i was already searching for poly stuff my brain unconsciously told me to search for this book. I LOVE THIS!!! also, I am loving first movement of Mendelssohn's violin concerto.

