### 03:31
inspired by [this](https://x.com/IsomorphicPhi/status/1746893213707763918?s=20) tweet I was trying to come up with something but failed! here it is:


(this is not completely logical but just a naive try to be one, not only that I am no one, I know nothing in physics and mathematics to be confident yet.)
___
fact1: Both Newton's and Einstein's theories can model the tides
fact2: one is a consistent limiting case of the other
fact3: measurements evolves in precision over time
fact4: GR and QM are inconsistent
___
T:={approximately consistent statements/equations}, O:={observed phenomena/measurements}

f: O->T is injective but not surjective for almost all possible Ts out there.

f is a function because for every observation there is at least one statement in the repertoire of consistent statements (doesn't have to be beautiful, simple, a part of a big unified theory, or even based on a well-known underlying principles of other statements). 

note that T->O is not a function because of fact4.
fact4 implies that there has to be something in a given theory that doesn't correspond to an observation, which inductively implies, that for most Theories there are statements that do not correspond to observation, which in turn implies deductively, that f is not surjective.

f is injective because there are multiple reasons for a given observation, which is obvious because that's what model building is.

(I imagine both O and T to be continua, it's obvious for O, and for T here is my intuition: take two equations of two different theories such that one is a limit of another, then we can have a parameter that traverses the path between these two, which is a continuum. this is obviously a type error in my thinking compared to how i defined the function, but i'll go with it for now)

now we define equivalence relation on O by the sphere of a desired epsilon, and on T by the logical limits through a certain parameter. that is, o1~=o2 iff o1-o2 < desired epsilon, and t1~=t2 iff for certain parameter of t1 there exists a limit such that at that limit t1 becomes t2.

non-occam's-razor version: "t1 in T explains o1 in O" iff "(f(o1)=t1) and (for all t2~=t1 => f(o2)=t2; where o2~=o1)" 
occam's-razor version: "t1 in T explains o1 in O" iff "(f(o1)=t1) and (for all t2~=t1 => f(o2)=t2; where o2~=o1) and (t1 is the simplest (undefined?) of all in its equivalence class)"

I do not like occam's razor in the sense of this answer.

this is just a naive try, but if we go further I think we need T to be a certain structure based on its subsets to incorporate the following: you can bring any number any way you want and claim to be equal or near-equal to the observation, but that's not an explanation or a theory. explanation is something that tells a consistent story for a variety of phenomena, and that this story gives the same vibes for all of the old story while adding new ones.
___
e.g. let T:={(CM), (EM), (SM), (QM), (QFT), (SR), (GR), (ST)}, O:={tidal cycle}
T is known to be consistent so far, and O is out there.

t1 is in T where t1={CM model of tidal cycle}
t2 is in T where t2={GR model of tidal cycle}
fact1 ensures existence of t1 and t2
fact2 states t1~=t2 (t2->t1 in v->0, m->small, uniform field limit sense)

o1 is in O where o1={observation by ancient people}
o2 is in O where o2={observation by modern tide gauges} 
if not already existing, existence of o1 and o2 can be made anytime
fact3 states o1~=o2 (o1->o2 in real number sequence limit sense)
___

