#question 
src: [arjun's tweet](https://x.com/arjunkhemani/status/1747837260739830220?s=20), [my reply](https://twitter.com/XinYaanZyoy/status/1747842909817213365)

my explanation on [wayfareres discord](https://discord.com/channels/1012701453476962324/1197753175537635328/1198380536545165343):

Arjun's tweet says, roughly, and paraphrased, that there's no such thing as "excessive profit" of a company, that is there shouldn't be a limit on how much a company can profit, so the existence of private big-tech giants that are more "powerful" than the govt itself. he claim this is completely fine, we shouldn't criticize them for the their big profits. I completely agree if i understand what anrcho capitalism is. he claims this because he says it is ultimately the maximally satisfaction of the consumer needs that makes them earn big profits, which is a good cause. he also comments on failed entrepreneurs but that's not relevant to my question so skipping it. but in short he says "unsuccessful entrepreneurs" leave a net-positive sum to the society's understanding of the market needs if not for the investors. now here is my question which i believe is very naive, and perhaps has a simple solution, I have read tons of reddit posts and will eventually read OG books to understand it, but i hope someone has some interesting ideas here:

I like capitalism for the freedom it gives to the individuals, and i like the anrchy flavor to have a total freedom which is not present in capitalism. freedom is everything to me, which is in fact my username's meaning. so is education everything to me. I consider myself a glitch in the current education system, because of educational history, which in summary was opposite of most of the people at wayfarers, I didn't want to leave school, I was forced (in a broader sense) to do it, almost like a rape.

capitalists claim that whichever product is good would sell the most and therefore the company will grow and therefore the consumer needs satisfied and therefore company grows etc... it all makes sense, as my reply to arjun's tweet says, if the product is a metal or tech or something else. what happens in capitalism is the following, according to my understanding: two or more entrepreneurs (Ents henceforth) try to sell metals, with various properties, also with various production, some mine from exotic earth locations, some mine from common places, some from asteroids, some just built new metal which their RnD discovered mathematically few years back etc... how does the consumer respond? well every metals gets used as it is needed, none is the winner. winning comes from the big projects that the society (in some structures this is a government, sometimes other companies, or the same company, or even foreign nations' governments or companies, or small group of people, to individual hobbyist or whatever) plans to do. take for example the stature of unity, we need a lot of meta for that. but which metal? well, whichever solves the engineering and societal problems. considering these engineering and societal (that is environmental, the expected age of the project etc...) more generally makes it clear that one kind of metal that is scientifically the best will be used in almost all the next big projects, and therefore the winning portion of the economy by the company. now the company put the profits into either larger production or new RnD projects or sometimes some societal stuff like ads. and the accelerated spiraling cycle continues, until the tech the company offers gets old or the company is slow in catching up with new eras.
    
this all makes sense for almost all resources out there. even the space resources which will come into play in next few years. but there are certain things i cannot quite see fitting in. one of them, which i care the most, is education. let's first agree that education is fucked up and that none should be having to dropping out out of "no choice remained" scenes, or some socio-psycho-financial stuff. open source and free mindset of academics is the reason we are able to learn while being outside of academia. and libgen, scihub, and other open academic data "providers" is the proof. imagine for a sec, these things didn't exist because the computing tech of the society is too rigid that it's almost impossible to mass-pirate. what will most of us do? how will we learn? not all can afford books, not all can afford a school either, or a personal guidance, or whatever where "afford" is used more broadly than just financially.

here's the concrete problem: metal variety creates a kinds spectrum of choice to buy metal for your project. from the cheapest to the expensive, from fucked up to the new nanotech metal, from dull to the beautiful etc... you choose according to what the project objectives are, and economy continues based on supply-demand or more complex variants of that model. imagine now highschool education as a product. and that it has a spectrum of choice and therefore value, like any other product in such a capitalistic structure, especially in liberal/anarchist flavor because there's none like a government to tell everyone what a good education is or should be. ofc the government is always fucking for some reasons wrong about it, and we are the proof. but that doesn't mean anarchism will solve it. what's a solution in that anarchist capitalism? I am using Anarcho-liberal just because sometimes i feel like they're part of the same spectrum of ideologies.
    
essentially the question is: if highschool education (and therefore any other kind of education) is like a free choice (which i admire so much) to choose from the spectrum of vlaues. from fucked up to ivy league, from basic training to research and dev, from third class phd to most respected phd, from a cheap school to truly expensive school etc... this spectrum creates a spectrum of buyers. some class of society buys certain class of education, the others other kind, in a spectrum way. it's not binary. but **this is precisely the definition of inequality!**

now, inequality for most resources doesn't affect me, and shouldn't to anyone. because cmon it's the world of scarcity and not everyone can have those 10 exotic rocks we discovered in the new passing my asteroid. even if you're the most important person to have it, like say you're the only person on the planet who knows how to use those rocks in a most beautiful and scientifically important way. nope, you can't have it if i, who mined it, can't get the return for my labor of mining it. ofc it's me who will define what my return should be. sometimes your intelligence to examine thee rocks is my return! sometimes the capital itself is my return. but mostly it's the latter, to be really pragmatic. so unless you can't find someone who is willing to pay for these rocks on your behalf i am not giving them to you. so you do that, and that's how capitalism works baby! and it's beautiful. even if it creates inequality for most kind of resources. cmon if some resource is worth not having inequality it'll definitely not be scarce and therefore will be cheap and everyone would be able to afford it anyway! e.g. a simple water bottle.

**but inequality of education is something totally different!**
inequality of education doesn't arise from natural scarcity, but an artificial scarcity.
just imagine how cool it would be to just get into a good scientific environment for all the dropouts out there, in fact this environment doens't exist is precisely why most drop out. (modulo socio-psycho stuff)
"drop out" in its broadest possible sense.
without giving my own opinions and stuff, I am going to leave this last remarks on education open to discussion, because that was the original intent of my post.

___

