### 18:38
idk if this is a personal diary or academic one or a diary of information exploration and production or whatever. but I am treating it as a means to communicate to myself both in space and time, "in time" means it's meant to be for past or future me, and "in space" means either me if i were somewhere else or "to anyone concerned" really.

here goes one personal note to the void, just complaining about the feeling of feeling stupid and being in a fucked up environment of condescending and contemptuously imbecile tone of subjective experiences. WHATEVER THAT MEANS!

why do people talk as if they know what they're talking about? if they're just mumbling, that's be at least tolerable because well, i am just not part of it anyways! but it's that they talk to "us" and that too in both the tone (which might be physio-chemical emergence on either of the sides) and meaning (which can be put into an objective footing once the union of subjective experiences come along and USE a language to communicate). it's like either they hate us, in some case it's true though, or that they're really REALLY REALLY stupid, which seems likely to be true in most case even if there's an element of contempt or hatred because the latter seems to be emerging from the former as a result of narrow-minded world-views, which of course makes sense, especially considering their abstract thinking capacity. but the real question is why do they do that? how do they get that confidence? saying some something utterly stupid/nonsense seems to be their way of defending their identity because they define their identity by these weird worldly things like luxury and respect and stuff. i am like, come on, grow up! but boy, they already have, at least in their own definition, which is what makes them unable to grow more! they never ask themselves if what they think is what they think what they think. WHATEVER! sometimes it's just reluctance to listen or take input information seriously i feel. which is same as being incurious? idk. okay so, fundamentally i abhor this ill/quality of people, the ill/quality of being incurious, traditional, and stubborn to rigidity, not only that but when they have a whatever-version-of contempt/hatred they usually become extra skeptic which they seem to be modeling as an instance of curiosity, surprisingly not as an instance of ad hoc ad hominem pomposity!

in short: why do we not love people, why do we not have a better world to live in? why are people so stupid? etc... am i? ig so.

### 22:53
Music is everything, period. (though everything is obviously not music, it's dance! haha)